The Official Notetaking App Pearl

This is the main git repository for the Pearl App. Below is the development plan:

Backend

Set up OCR using abbyy's 90 day trial. Turn the image into text. [Quick start guide: http://ocrsdk.com/documentation/quick-start/iphone-ocr-sdk/]
Take that text and run it through three API's. See below.
Display that information in categories on the info page
Use Parse perhaps.
Done! That's the backend!
Three API's are as follows:

A summarization API (tons on the internet, find any)
A main concepts API (HP)
Facts from dragonfly (Pull from the search API for the top three main ideas from HP, click here)
Frontend

Camera page. The page you take the photo, also the default page when you open the app. Should have a bar at the bottom that can take you to settings and past images.
Past images page. This page has a list of all past images. Each item has a date a mini shot of the image. When you click on it you go to the info page. When you select them you can save them to a default email or GDrive accuont you have on file.
Info page. This page contains the guts of the app: the information. This page shows up after an image or when you click on a past image. It should a nice list of a short summary of the iamge, a few key facts, further facts from Dragonfly, and then sponsered content such as videos, tutors, etc.
Pearl team, feel free to push a commit to this file editing the goals if we decide to change them or I'm miss informed

Remember this is just a plan and it is always in development and this document doesn't represent the final solution. If you find a better way to execute this, awesome! Push that to the repository.

//
Steven Paul "Steve" Jobs (/ˈdʒɒbz/; February 24, 1955 – October 5, 2011) was an American entrepreneur, marketer, and inventor, who was the cofounder, chairman, and CEO of Apple Inc.

Through Apple, he was widely recognized as a charismatic and design-driven pioneer of the personal computer revolution and for his influential career in the computer and consumer electronics fields, transforming "one industry after another, from computers and smartphones to music and movies.

" Jobs also funded what would become Pixar Animation Studios; he became a member of the board of directors of The Walt Disney Company in 2006, when Disney acquired Pixar.
